[Music]
Eddie Murphy is back but this time he's
looking for a missing child a golden
child this child is special mr. sheriff
his destinies to save the world and it's
your destiny to seek some serious
psychiatric overtime he finds you it
will be too late
it's a whole thing at tic taxes take as
many as you like please
I could destroy you just like that just
like that
he is irresponsible
Abed he is a careless thoughtless
undisciplined for weeks
I should be punished I should be purged
I should be fun you are the chosen one
you will find a child
[Music]
I'm so afraid of the dark - I really
don't like your attitude you know this
is a nice jacket it's a marsh they feel
and it looks good on you in the boots
smoking he's got a firm grip on reality
where he's going he'll meet it with the
flip you must carry this glass of water
without spilling a drop who you might be
halt now Eddie Murphy is the chosen one
[Music]
but golden child